Add simulate method limitation for Batch transactions (#3736)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/concepts/transactions/batch-transactions.md

If Alice just signs her part of the Batch transaction, Bob can modify his transaction to only provide 1 USD instead, thereby getting his 1000 XRP at a much cheaper rate. Therefore, the entire Batch transaction (and all its inner transactions) must be signed by all parties.

### Inner Transaction Safety

An inner batch transaction is a special case. It doesn't include a signature or a fee (since those are both included in the outer transaction). Therefore, they must be handled carefully to ensure that someone can't somehow directly submit an inner `Batch` transaction without it being included in an outer transaction.

Inner transactions cannot be broadcast (and won't be accepted if they happen to be broadcast, for example, from a malicious node). They must be generated from the `Batch` outer transaction instead. Inner transactions cannot be directly submitted via the submit RPC.

## Limitations

> `Batch` transactions are incompatible with the [simulate method][]. `simulate` operates locally as a dry run and does not interact with the peer protocol. Therefore, the transaction is neither applied nor broadcast over the network.

Reviewer: This phrasing feels a bit weird to me. It doesn't fully explain why Batch is incompatible with `simulate`, and it almost seems to imply that simulate can apply or broadcast other types of transactions (even though, on careful reading, the intended meaning is the opposite).

I suggest this, instead:

```suggestion
`Batch` transactions are incompatible with the [simulate method][]. Because `simulate` operates as a dry run for a single transaction only, it cannot simulate the effect of adding inner transactions to the consensus set.
```
